all right well basically it's an
electric motor spinning two alternators
on the fake engine pretty much on the
left side we have a popular brand 150 a
most people have it out on over here we
have 170 ability okay
and we have fans headlights nitrous
bottle heater thousand watt amplifier
just basic loads like you might see
somebody's with you right here at SEMA
2013 with Villa tech operators it's
another company from Mad Men off there
so I'm gonna run down through here and
show you the operators
detail
64 385 GM 64 380 fuzzy and machine
followed
I'm a raisin alternator
20:13
the one
raided out an idol
the Chrysler he throws in the 170s to
right here
they're just
$179 usually you can use them with
Maggie's done talking
you say we have the whole juice and a
diverse right here
tell you all the difference
or what's going on here all right well
basically an electric motor spinning two
alternators on the bottom fake engine
pretty much on the left side we have a
popular brand 150m home and like most
people have not on over here we have 170
am billets at home
and we have different loads
and headlights nitrous bottle heater
thousand watt amplifier just basic loads
like you might see on somebody's and so
the customer can actually come along and
see how the alternator supplies the
voltage and amperage in response to the
loads right now we have no loads on so
it's only about 10 amps or so just
putting in the battery back up we can go
ahead switch on let's say two cooling
fans the headlights and maybe air
conditioning we also have an optical
tachometer
bars idle at
switch over
redditors all mayor
you can see the voltage drops down below
they can't keep up
even though we're holding 95 amps now
with headlights
great display show
real time
between the two be a good idea on how
everything is running
let's walk back to the ability to just
play around with it
try out a thousand watt amplifier me
very big load I think it's
still maintains their key points
you can hear the fans walk down the
headlights get down you're not gonna be
able to do that every long
the dumpster